In this video we are going to install atom which is the text editor we we're going to be using in this
course for the Mac.
So firstly we want to go to the atom DOT website in a browser and it should automatically detect that
you're on a Mac in qbe the download option for a Mac.
If by chance doesn't click on other platforms.
But in my case Neko Case is selected.
So I can click on Download.
Download that file to my computer.
Once the download is complete I'm going to show in Finder.
I'm going to double click to unzip the file.
And that's the atom text editor.
Note that this isn't an installer.
It's the actual text editor.
So therefore we just need to drag that atom icon the application into the Applications folder.
An installation is now complete.
So at this point I can close down the Finder window press command spikes and type out.
To start the text editor.
It gets verified by mac OSX.
So this dialogue option may appear if it does click on Open.
The text editor has now been installed.
I'm going to close some of these windows.
You got this option here to select.
Yes if you want to help improve atom by sending data to atom I'm going to choose.
No I don't want to help but you can choose either option.
They closed down this last window and then going to go to the at a menu and click on preferences.
Come over here and click on packages.
I'm going to scroll down until I can see the auto complete.
Plus option.
I'm going to click on settings.
I'm going to turn off shows suggestions on keystroke.
But we will see that in use later on in the course.
I'm going to close this down and we've saved those sittings.
We know what to choose the folder that we selected when we installed exit ramp for our scripts file
open.
I'm ready to go.
In my case the documents w w w folder POTO you can select whichever folder you chose in that except
installation video click on Open.
And lastly you want to make sure that you're in the treeview and you can see that I am in that view
where we get the list.
Then the left hand side and the actual files on the right.
If you don't see that thing from over to the View menu and toggle treeview.
That's what it looks like with an off.
But leaving it on is the best solution and you can also size the window as appropriate for your system
so that it's not readable.
And are you ready to go.
So that's the installation of the atom text editor.
Now complete.